Modified IBM License, version 0.1

THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE
("Agreement"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION, OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES
RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

0. DEFINITIONS

"Documentation" means any and all textual media provided with the Program where
	that media is not licensed otherwise.

"Program" means the original version of the program and any Contributions,
	including source code, object code, and Documentation, if any.

"Contributor" means the author or any other entity that distributes the Program.

"Contribution" means the original version of the Program, changes to the
	Program, and additions to the program by any Contributor, where such changes
	and/or additions to the Program are distributed by that particular
	Contributor or anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf.

"Licensed Patents" mean patent claims licenseable by a Contributor which are
necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when
combined with the Program.

"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement,
including all Contributors.

1. GRANT OF RIGHTS

Subject to the terms of this Agreement:
	0. each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide,
		royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works
		of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute, and sublicense
		the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative
		works, in source code and object code form.
	1. each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide,
		royalty-free patent license under Licensed Patents to make, use, sell,
		offer to sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such
		Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. This patent
		license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution and the
		Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the Contributor,
		such addition of the Contribution causes such combination to covered
		by the Licensed Patents. The patent license shall not apply to any other
		combinations which include the Contribution. No hardware per se is
		licensed hereunder.

2. REQUIREMENTS

A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under its
own license agreement, provided that:
	0. it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and
	1. its license agreement:
		a. effectively diclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties
			and conditions, express and implied, including warranties
			or conditions of title and non-infringement, and implied
			warranties or conditions of merchantability and fitness for
			particular purpose;
		b. effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability
			for damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental
			and consequential damages, such as lost profits;
		c. states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are
			offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other
			party; and
		d. states that source code for the Program is available from such
			Contributor, and informs licensees of how to obtain it
			in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily
			used for software exchange.

When the Program is made available in source code form:
	0. it must be made availible under this Agreement; and
	1. a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the Program.

Each contributor must include the following in a conspicuous location in the
Program:

	Copyright (C) <YEAR> <AUTHOR> and others. All Rights Reserved.

2. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION

Any Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering should
do so in a manner which does not create potential liability for other
Contributors. Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial
product offering, such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to
defend and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against
any losses, damages and costs (collectively, "Losses") arising from claims,
lawsuits, and other legal actions brought by a third party against the
Indemified Contributor to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of such
Commercial Contributor in connection with its distribution of the Program in a
commercial product offering. The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any
such claim at its own expense.

3. NO WARRANTY

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Each Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of
using and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its
exercise of rights under this Agreement, including buy not limited to the risks
and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss
of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of
operations.

4. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY
CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST
PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED
HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

5. GENERAL

If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable
law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the
terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such
provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such
provision valid and enforceable.

All Recipient's rights under this agreement shall terminate if it fails to
comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and does
not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of
such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement terminate,
Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon as
reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement
and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and
survive.
